Update continuous-integration.md (#9732)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

34.127.6.209, 35.185.226.205, 35.247.24.71, 34.168.30.50, 35.233.132.196, 34.168.214.255, 34.102.103.7, 34.102.40.149, 34.102.16.205,  
34.127.65.210, 35.233.172.173
```

> **We will begin transitioning to the new IP range gradually from March 15th, 2025 to March 30th, 2025**. During this period, ensure both the old and new IP configureation is set to ensure a seamless transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We will begin transitioning to the new IP range gradually from March 15th, 2025, to March 30th, 2025**. During this period, ensure both the old and new IP configurations are set to ensure a seamless transition.
```
